German Word,Word Group,Part of Speech
ab,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
aber,Alphabetische Wortliste,Conjunction
abfahren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Abfahrt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
abgeben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
abholen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Absender,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Achtung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Interjection
Adresse,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
all-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
allein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
also,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
alt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Alter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
an,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
anbieten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Angebot,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ander-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
anfangen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Anfang,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
anklicken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
ankommen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Ankunft,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ankreuzen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
anmachen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
anmelden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Anmeldung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Anrede,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
anrufen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Anruf,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Anrufbeantworter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ansage,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Anschluss,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
an sein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
antworten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Antwort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Anzeige,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
anziehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Apartment,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Apfel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Appetit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
arbeiten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Arbeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
arbeitslos,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Arbeitsplatz,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Arm,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Arzt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
auch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
auf,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Aufgabe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
aufhören,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
auf sein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
aufstehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Aufzug,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Auge,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
aus,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Ausflug,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ausfüllen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Ausgang,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Auskunft,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ausland,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ausländer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ausländisch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
ausmachen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Aussage,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
aussehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
aus sein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
aussteigen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Ausweis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ausziehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Auto,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Autobahn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Automat,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
automatisch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Baby,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bäckerei,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bad,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
baden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Bahn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bahnhof,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bahnsteig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bald,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Balkon,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Banane,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bank,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bar,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Bauch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Baum,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Beamte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bedeuten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
beginnen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
bei,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
beide,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Bein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Beispiel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bekannt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Bekannte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bekommen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
benutzen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Beruf,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
besetzt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
besichtigen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
besser,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
best-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
bestellen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
besuchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Bett,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bezahlen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Bier,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bild,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
billig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Birne,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
bisschen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
bitte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Interjection
Bitte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bitten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
bitter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
bleiben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Bleistift,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Blick,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Blume,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bogen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
böse,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
brauchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
breit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Brief,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Briefmarke,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
bringen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Brot,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Brötchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Bruder,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Buch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Buchstabe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
buchstabieren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Bus,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Butter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Café,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
CD,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Chef,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
circa,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Computer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
da,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Dame,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
daneben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
danken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Dank,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
danke,Alphabetische Wortliste,Interjection
dann,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Datum,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
dauern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
dein-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
denn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Conjunction
der,Alphabetische Wortliste,Article
die,Alphabetische Wortliste,Article
das,Alphabetische Wortliste,Article
dich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
dies-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
dir,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Disco,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Doktor,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Doppelzimmer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Dorf,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
dort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
draußen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
drucken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Drucker,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
drücken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
durch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Durchsage,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
dürfen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Durst,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
duschen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Dusche,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ecke,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ehefrau,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ehemann,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ei,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
eilig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
ein-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Article
einfach,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Eingang,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
einkaufen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
einladen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Einladung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
einmal,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
einsteigen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Eintritt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Einzelzimmer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Eltern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
E-Mail,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Empfänger,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
empfehlen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
enden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Ende,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
entschuldigen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Entschuldigung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
er,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Ergebnis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
erklären,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
erlauben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Erwachsene,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
erzählen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
es,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
essen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Essen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
euer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
fahren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Fahrer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fahrkarte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fahrrad,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
falsch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Familie,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Familienname,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Familienstand,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Farbe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fax,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Feier-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Prefix
feiern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
fehlen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Fehler,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
fernsehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
fertig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Feuer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fieber,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Film,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
finden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Firma,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fisch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Flasche,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fleisch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
fliegen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
abfliegen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Abflug,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Flughafen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Flugzeug,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Formular,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Foto,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
fragen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Frage,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Frau,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
frei,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Freizeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
fremd,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
freuen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Freund,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
früher,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
frühstücken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Frühstück,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Führung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
für,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Fuß,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Fußball,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Garten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gast,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
geben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
geboren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Geburtsjahr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Geburtsort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Geburtstag,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gefallen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
gegen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
gehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
gehören,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Geld,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gemüse,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gepäck,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gerade,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
geradeaus,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
gern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Geschäft,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Geschenk,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Geschwister,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gespräch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gestern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
gestorben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Getränk,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gewicht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gewinnen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Glas,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
glauben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
gleich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Gleis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Glück,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
glücklich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Glückwunsch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Grad,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gratulieren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
grillen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
groß,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Größe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Großeltern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Großmutter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Großvater,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gruppe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Gruß,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
gültig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
günstig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
gut,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Haar,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
haben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Hähnchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Halbpension,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Halle,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
hallo,Alphabetische Wortliste,Interjection
halten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Haltestelle,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hand,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Handy,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Haus,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hausaufgabe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hausfrau,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hausmann,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Heimat,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
heiraten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
heißen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
helfen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
hell,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Herd,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Herr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
herzlich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
heute,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
hier,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Hilfe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
hinten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Hobby,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
hoch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Hochzeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
holen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
hören,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Hotel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hund,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Hunger,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
ihr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
ihm,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
ihn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
immer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
in,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Information,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
international,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Internet,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ja,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Jacke,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
jed-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
jetzt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Job,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Jugendliche,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
jung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Junge,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kaffee,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kaputt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Karte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kartoffel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kasse,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kaufen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
kein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
kennen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
kennenlernen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Kind,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kindergarten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kino,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kiosk,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
klar,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Klasse,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kleidung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
klein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
kochen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Koffer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kollege,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kommen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
können,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Konto,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kopf,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kosten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
krank,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
kriegen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Küche,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kuchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kugelschreiber,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kühlschrank,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kulturell,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
kümmern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Kunde,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Kurs,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
kurz,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
lachen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Laden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Land,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
lang,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
lange,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
langsam,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
laufen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
laut,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
leben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Leben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Lebensmittel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
ledig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
legen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Lehrer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
leicht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
leider,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
leise,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
lernen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
lesen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
letzt-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Leute,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Licht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
lieb-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
lieben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
lieber,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Lieblings-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Prefix
Lied,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
liegen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
links,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Lkw,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Lokal,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Lösung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
lustig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
machen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Mädchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
man,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Mann,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
männlich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Maschine,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Meer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
mehr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
mein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
meist-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Mensch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
mieten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Miete,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Milch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
mit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
mitbringen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
mitkommen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
mitmachen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
mitnehmen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Mitte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Möbel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
möchten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
mögen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
möglich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Moment,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
morgen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
müde,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Mund,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
müssen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Mutter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
nach,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
nächst-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Name,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
nehmen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
nein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
neu,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
nicht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
nichts,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
nie,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
noch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
normal,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Nummer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
nur,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
oben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Obst,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
oder,Alphabetische Wortliste,Conjunction
öffnen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
geöffnet,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
oft,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
ohne,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Öl,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Oma,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Opa,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ordnung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Papier,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Papiere,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Partner,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Partnerin,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Party,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Pass,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Pause,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Plan,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Platz,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Polizei,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Pommes frites,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Post,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Postleitzahl,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Praktikum,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Praxis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Preis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Problem,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Prospekt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Prüfung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
pünktlich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Rad fahren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
rauchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Raum,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Rechnung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
rechts,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
regnen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Regen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Reis,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
reisen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Reise,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Reisebüro,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Reiseführer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
reparieren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Reparatur,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Restaurant,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Rezeption,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
richtig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
riechen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
ruhig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Saft,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sagen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Salat,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Salz,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Satz,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
S-Bahn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Schalter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
scheinen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
schicken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Schild,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Schinken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
schlafen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
schlecht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
schließen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
geschlossen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Schluss,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Schlüssel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
schmecken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
schnell,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
schon,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
schön,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Schrank,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
schreiben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Schuh,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Schule,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Schüler,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
schwer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Schwester,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
schwimmen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Schwimmbad,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
See,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Sehenswürdigkeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sehr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
sein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
seit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
selbstständig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
sich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
sie,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Sie,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
sitzen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
so,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Sofa,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sofort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Sohn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sollen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Sonne,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
spät,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
später,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Speisekarte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
spielen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Sport,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Sprache,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
sprechen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Stadt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
stehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Stelle,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
stellen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Stock,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Straße,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Straßenbahn,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
studieren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Studium,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Student,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Stunde,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
suchen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
tanzen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Tasche,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Taxi,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Tee,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Teil,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
telefonieren,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Telefon,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Termin,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Test,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
teuer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Text,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Thema,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Ticket,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Tisch,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Tochter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Toilette,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Tomate,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
tot,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
treffen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Treppe,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
trinken,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
tschüss,Alphabetische Wortliste,Interjection
tun,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
über,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
übernachten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
überweisen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Uhr,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
um,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
umziehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
und,Alphabetische Wortliste,Conjunction
unser-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
unten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
unter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Unterricht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
unterschreiben,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Unterschrift,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Urlaub,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Vater,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
verboten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
verdienen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Verein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
verheiratet,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
verkaufen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Verkäufer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
vermieten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Vermieter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
verstehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Verwandte,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
viel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
vielleicht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
von,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
vor,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
Vorname,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Vorsicht,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
vorstellen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Vorwahl,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wandern,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
wann,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
warten,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
warum,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
was,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
was für ein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
waschen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Wasser,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
weh tun,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
weiblich,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Wein,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
weit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
weiter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
welch-,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
Welt,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wenig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
wer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
werden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Wetter,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wichtig,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
wie,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
wiederholen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Wiederhören,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Wiedersehen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wie viel,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
willkommen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Wind,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wir,Alphabetische Wortliste,Pronoun
wissen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
wo,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
woher,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
wohin,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
wohnen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Wohnung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wollen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Wort,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
wunderbar,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
zahlen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Verb
Zeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
zurzeit,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
Zeitung,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Zigarette,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Zimmer,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
Zoll,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
zu,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
zufrieden,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adjective
Zug,Alphabetische Wortliste,Noun
zurück,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
zusammen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Adverb
zwischen,Alphabetische Wortliste,Preposition
eins,Zahlen,Number
zwei,Zahlen,Number
drei,Zahlen,Number
vier,Zahlen,Number
fünf,Zahlen,Number
sechs,Zahlen,Number
sieben,Zahlen,Number
acht,Zahlen,Number
neun,Zahlen,Number
zehn,Zahlen,Number
elf,Zahlen,Number
zwölf,Zahlen,Number
dreizehn,Zahlen,Number
vierzehn,Zahlen,Number
fünfzehn,Zahlen,Number
sechzehn,Zahlen,Number
siebzehn,Zahlen,Number
achtzehn,Zahlen,Number
neunzehn,Zahlen,Number
zwanzig,Zahlen,Number
einundzwanzig,Zahlen,Number
dreißig,Zahlen,Number
vierzig,Zahlen,Number
fünfzig,Zahlen,Number
sechzig,Zahlen,Number
siebzig,Zahlen,Number
achtzig,Zahlen,Number
neunzig,Zahlen,Number
hundert,Zahlen,Number
hunderteins,Zahlen,Number
zweihundert,Zahlen,Number
tausend,Zahlen,Number
Million,Zahlen,Number
Milliarde,Zahlen,Number
erste,Zahlen,Ordinal Number
zweite,Zahlen,Ordinal Number
dritte,Zahlen,Ordinal Number
vierte,Zahlen,Ordinal Number
halb,Zahlen,Fraction
Viertel,Zahlen,Fraction
Sekunde,Zeitmaße,Noun
Minute,Zeitmaße,Noun
Stunde,Zeitmaße,Noun
Tag,Zeitmaße,Noun
Woche,Zeitmaße,Noun
Jahr,Zeitmaße,Noun
Wochentag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Sonntag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Montag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Dienstag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Mittwoch,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Donnerstag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Freitag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Samstag,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Sonnabend,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Wochenende,Woche/Wochentage,Noun
Morgen,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Vormittag,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Mittag,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Nachmittag,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Abend,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Nacht,Tag/Tageszeiten,Noun
Januar,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Februar,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
März,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
April,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Mai,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Juni,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Juli,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
August,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
September,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Oktober,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
November,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Dezember,Monat/Monatsnamen,Noun
Frühling,Jahr/Jahreszeiten,Noun
Frühjahr,Jahr/Jahreszeiten,Noun
Sommer,Jahr/Jahreszeiten,Noun
Herbst,Jahr/Jahreszeiten,Noun
Winter,Jahr/Jahreszeiten,Noun
Euro,Währungen,Noun
Cent,Währungen,Noun
Meter,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Zentimeter,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Kilometer,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Quadratmeter,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Grad,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Prozent,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Liter,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Gramm,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Pfund,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Kilogramm,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Kilo,Maße und Gewichte,Noun
Deutschland,Länder/Ländernamen,Noun
Deutsche,Länder/Ländernamen,Noun
deutsch,Länder/Ländernamen,Adjective
Europa,Länder/Ländernamen,Noun
Europäer,Länder/Ländernamen,Noun
europäisch,Länder/Ländernamen,Adjective
schwarz,Farben,Adjective
grau,Farben,Adjective
blau,Farben,Adjective
grün,Farben,Adjective
weiß,Farben,Adjective
rot,Farben,Adjective
gelb,Farben,Adjective
braun,Farben,Adjective
Norden,Himmelsrichtungen,Noun
Süden,Himmelsrichtungen,Noun
Westen,Himmelsrichtungen,Noun
Osten,Himmelsrichtungen,Noun